DOCS-#3904: Improving Modin README (#3929)
modin-project/modin: docs/getting_started/faq.rst

for prototyping on a few MBs of data do not scale to tens or hundreds of GBs (depending on the size
of your machine). Modin supports operating on data that does not fit in memory, so that you can comfortably
work with hundreds of GBs without worrying about substantial slowdown or memory errors. For more information,
see :doc:`out-of-memory support <getting_started/out_of_core>` for Modin.

How does Modin compare to Dask DataFrame and Koalas?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Check out this :doc:`page <getting_started/modin_vs_dask_vs_koalas>` detailing the differences!

Reviewer: Check the link please, I can't navigate to it.

Author: Good catch, with the recent refactor there were a few FAQ links broken -- fixed them.

for prototyping on a few MBs of data do not scale to tens or hundreds of GBs (depending on the size
of your machine). Modin supports operating on data that does not fit in memory, so that you can comfortably
work with hundreds of GBs without worrying about substantial slowdown or memory errors. For more information,
see :doc:`out-of-memory support <getting_started/why_modin/out_of_core>` for Modin.

How does Modin compare to Dask DataFrame and Koalas?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Check out this :doc:`page <getting_started/why_modin/modin_vs_dask_vs_koalas>` detailing the differences!

Reviewer 2: Consider adding a TLDR here to drive some points home without expecting too much from readers. Something like:

TLDR: Modin has better coverage of the pandas API, is more optimized, and has a flexible backend, and better ordering semantics.

Author: Great idea -- done!

for prototyping on a few MBs of data do not scale to tens or hundreds of GBs (depending on the size
of your machine). Modin supports operating on data that does not fit in memory, so that you can comfortably
work with hundreds of GBs without worrying about substantial slowdown or memory errors. For more information,
see :doc:`out-of-memory support <getting_started/why_modin/out_of_core>` for Modin.

How does Modin compare to Dask DataFrame and Koalas?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

TLDR: Modin has better coverage of the pandas API, has a flexible backend, better ordering semantics,
and supports both row and column-parallel operations.

> Check out this :doc:`page <getting_started/why_modin/modin_vs_dask_vs_koalas>` detailing the differences!

Reviewer: The link doesn't work. Please check all the links you modified.

Author: Figured out the problem -- and fixed other broken links in the documentation I found

Which execution engine (Ray or Dask) should I use for Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> If you are on Windows, you must use Dask as Ray does not support Windows. If you are on

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you are on Windows, you must use Dask as Ray does not support Windows. If you are on
```

Reviewer: And Ray supports Windows.

Which execution engine (Ray or Dask) should I use for Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
If you are on Windows, you must use Dask as Ray does not support Windows. If you are on
Linux or Mac OS, you can install and use either engine. 

> Modin supports Ray_ and Dask_ execution engines to provide an effortless way 
> to speed up your pandas workflows. The best thing is that there is no pre-requisite 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Modin lets you effortlessly speed up your pandas workflows with either Ray_'s or Dask_'s execution engine. The best thing is that there is no pre-requisite 
```

> to speed up your pandas workflows. The best thing is that there is no pre-requisite 
> knowledge required to use either of these engines as Modin abstracts away all of the 
> complexity. Modin will automatically detect which engine you have installed and use that for scheduling computation. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
to speed up your pandas workflows. You don't need to know anything about either engine in order to use it with Modin. If you only have one engine installed, Modin will automatically detect which engine you have installed and use that for scheduling computation.
```

I prefer something closer to the original phrasing, like this. Why change it? I vote for deleting "the best thing" because this is not necessarily the best thing and whether it's the best thing is not relevant for the point we should be making here, which is that you don't have to know the details of either engine to use it with Modin.

Which execution engine (Ray or Dask) should I use for Modin?
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Modin lets you effortlessly speed up your pandas workflows with either Ray_'s or Dask_'s execution engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Modin lets you effortlessly speed up your pandas workflows with either Ray_'s or Dask_'s execution engine.
```

You don't need to know anything about either engine in order to use it with Modin. If you only have one engine
installed, Modin will automatically detect which engine you have installed and use that for scheduling computation.
If you don't have a preference, we recommend starting with Modin's default Ray engine.

> If you want to use a specific compute engine, you can set the environment variable ``MODIN_ENGINE``

Reviewer 4: can we point to the configs here instead of environment variables?

```python
from modin.config import Engine

Engine.put("ray")
Engine.put("dask")
```

Reviewer: I think we can keep both.

Author: Should I also change this in the README so removing both the `export MODIN_ENGINE` and `os.environ` code snippets?

    pip install "modin[dask]" # Install Modin dependencies and Dask to run on Dask
    export MODIN_ENGINE=dask  # Modin will use Dask

This can also be done with:

.. code-block:: python

>     import modin.pandas as pd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
